>> Erik Reinert: So we've talked about
this one a little bit technology
choices, right?
Choosing the right technology stack for
the system is crucial and
can be difficult.
I think this is definitely something
that people deal with a lot, which is,
how do I know the right technology to use,
right?
And this even kinda goes
to your question earlier
of how do you guide yourself to do that?
I think partially it's understanding
as well as experimentation, right?
If you've never used, one of the things
I say on my Twitch stream is,
I'm never going to recommend you
something that I haven't built myself.
And that's because I can't comment on
things I've never used in production or
never have had experience around.
And I think those technology choices are
important to to answering how you're gonna
build something like I said earlier and
showing you the design of Kubernetes.
I had really never used Kubernetes
even at that level before, and
even taking on my own
serverless.g infrastructure,
on top of that, it was a lot, and
I didn't know how to troubleshoot that.
I didn't know how to debug it.
Again, new technologies are cool,
and they're really fun.
But at the same time,
if you can't support it,
if you don't know how to handle things,
when things go a fire or a flame.
Or whatever you wanna call it, it just
means that you're potentially putting
yourself in a bad place in the future.
And again, it's fun to do those for
projects you're working on the side, but
you need to be a little bit more serious
about the technology choices you're making
when bringing them to a company.
Flashy things don't always
mean that it's good.
Think about bugs and bug zappers.
Resource Management.
So a big thing about this is basically
are you allocating the right resources for
the systems development and maintenance?
And when we say resources,
we mean anything.
I'm not talking about
just cloud resources.
I'm talking about engineering resources,
engineering time, manager planning,
things like that can be really important
to how much money you're spending.
One of the biggest things that companies
do not consider when talking about
technology is how many engineering
hours are going into something.
That's just completely a black box to It's
like, well, we've already got them, but
it's like, well, okay, but
are you spending 900 hours at
a given time period on something?
Well, no, nothing's free, and you just
spent a lot more probably in engineering
hours than you would have on
the actual system itself.
So resource management can be
really crucial with architectures.
And then again,
the last one is stakeholder alignment.
I've seen a lot of people try and
make changes without getting stakeholders
opinions and then make fights or
make, let's just say challenging
discussions of why did you do this?
Why did you make this change?
What made you decide to do this?
And again, as an engineer, that's kinda
where you failed, where you didn't go to
all the people and share, well, okay, this
is how we're thinking about doing this.
What do you think?
Going back to culture and
documentation and things like that,
if you create that culture where
you're opening up a conversation with
engineering managers, stakeholders.
They're gonna feel more comfortable in
the confidence with you as well in your
decision making.
So, it's good to get
stakeholder alignment and
make sure that you're talking
to the right people who care.
You don't wanna step on anyone's toes.
And again, architecture design touches
a lot of different parts of the system.
And so,
you don't wanna make anyone not like, for
any reason potentially the kind
of approach you're taking.
Unless, of course,
it's a valid reason [LAUGH].